Privacy Policy
 

Overview
Moyako Games (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the websites and mobile applications below. (the “Service”).

Websites (www.moyako.com)
Mobile Applications (Animal Sounds)
This Privacy Policy describes the information collected by us through our websites and mobile applications and related services and how we use that information. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Information Collection And Use
While using our services, we are not asking you to provide us any identifiable personal information to contact or identify you. We don’t collect any personal information with our websites and mobile applications When you download and use our mobile applications, we don’t collect any personal information such as your full name, address, phone number, or email address.

Children’s Privacy
Our website and mobile applications comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.

Location Information
We do not use or collect your precise geographic location.

Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.

Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. For further details please check our Cookie Policy.

Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services, or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Analytics
We collect some anonymous usage information to help us improve our apps. We use third-party analytics services (Google Analytics, Firebase) that may collect data as a device type and OS, an app identifier, unique device identifiers, app session time, events, and lengths.

Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities, and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

Analytics collected: Cookie and Usage data.
Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy– Opt Out
You can disable Google Analytics with this add-on tool.
Firebase (Google Inc.)
Firebase is a hosting and backend service provided by Google Inc. Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.

Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy
Advertising
These services allow User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests. This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.

MoPub (Twitter, Inc &  Twitter International Company)
MoPub is an advertising service provided by Twitter Inc & Twitter International Comp.

MoPub collected: Cookie and Usage data.
Place of processing: Twiiter Inc, & Twitter International Comp.– Privacy Policy
Facebook Audience Network
Facebook Audience Network is an advertising network.

Facebook Audience Network collected: Cookie and Usage data.
Place of processing: Facebook– Privacy Policy
AdMob (AdMob Google Inc.)
AdMob collected: Cookie and Usage data.
Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at info@moyako.com. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request. We use Support Information only to provide support to you and we do not share any personally identifiable information (such as name, address, email, or phone) with other companies.

Last updated: Sep 28, 2021
